fix private registry docs (#1464)
labring/sealos: docs/4.0/docs/design/private-registry.md

# How to use sealos private registry

## How it works

> Each node will run an image-cri-shim daemon,Kubelet performs grpc interaction with image-cri-shim when pulling the image,It finds the image in the private registry according to the image name,If the image exist it pulls from local，otherwise pull from remote.

Reviewer: Acceptable, but could be improved like (note the punctuations and spaces):

```suggestion
Each node will run an image-cri-shim daemon. The kubelet performs grpc interaction with image-cri-shim when pulling the image. It finds the image in the private registry according to the image name. If the image exist it pulls from local, otherwise pull from remote.
```

> Each node will run an image-cri-shim daemon,The Kubelet performs grpc interaction with image-cri-shim when pulling the image.It finds the image in the private registry according to the image name.If the image exist it pulls from local,otherwise pull from remote.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each node will run an `image-cri-shim` daemon, the `Kubelet` performs `grpc` interaction with `image-cri-shim` when pulling the image. Witch will find the image in the private registry according to the image name. If the image exists, it will pulls from local, otherwise pull from remote.
```

You can run the follow command verify the image-cri-shim daemon:

```shell

> # systemctl status image-cri-shim.service 

Reviewer: You may either use:

```shell
$ systemctl status image-cri-shim.service
```

or:

```shell
systemctl status image-cri-shim.service
```

But careful, everything after `#` will be treated as comments.
